[DOC-916] Docs for Voyager v2025.8.2 (#28306)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-voyager/voyager-troubleshoot.md

---
title: Troubleshoot YugabyteDB Voyager
headerTitle: Troubleshoot
linkTitle: Troubleshoot
description: Troubleshoot issues in YugabyteDB Voyager.

> headcontent: Diagnose and troubleshoot issues when migrating to YugabyteDB Voyager

Reviewer: Diagnose and troubleshoot issues when migrating using YugabyteDB Voyager

menu:
  preview_yugabyte-voyager:
    identifier: voyager-troubleshoot
    parent: yugabytedb-voyager
    weight: 105
type: docs
---

## Schema migration

### Invalid constraint type with PostgreSQL 17

When running the [assess migration](../reference/assess-migration/#assess-migration) or [export schema](../reference/schema-migration/export-schema/) commands on a PostgreSQL `17.0–17.2` source database, you may see the following error:

```output
pg_dump: error: query failed: ERROR:  invalid constraint type "n"
pg_dump: detail: Query was: EXECUTE getDomainConstraints('16452')
```

This error happens if the source database contains domain objects with NOT NULL constraints.
A bug in PostgreSQL versions 17.0–17.2 causes `pg_get_constraintdef()` to not interpret NOT NULL domain constraints, leading to failure in `pg_dump` version 17.6 when using this function to fetch schema information.

> Resolution: You can choose from one of the two options as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Resolution: You can do one of the following:
```

> - Use an older `pg_dump` version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use an older version of pg_dump.
```

>     1. Install a `pg_dump` version 17.5 or earlier (recommended to use a version same as your PostgreSQL version).

Reviewer 2: This doesn't make any sense - if the problem is with 17.2, do I use the same version (recommended?) or earlier version? And how is 17.5 earlier than 17.0-17.2?

Reviewer: There are two things: one is the PG server version, and the other is the pg_dump version, the issue is with PG server 17.0- 17.2 and pg_dump version 17.6, so the resolution is to use pg_dump 17.5 or older with PG 17.0-17.2 but recommended is to use pg_dump 17.2 with PG version 17.2 that will be the best case.

Author: Okay, I expanded this section a bit more based on your clarification.

>     1. Ensure this version is the first `pg_dump` executable in your system's PATH before you run Voyager.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. Ensure this version is the first pg_dump executable in your system's PATH before you run Voyager.
```

- Upgrade PostgreSQL.

> Upgrade your PostgreSQL source databaase to version 17.3 or later, as the bug has been fixed in these releases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Upgrade your PostgreSQL source database to version 17.3 or later, as the bug has been fixed in these releases.
```

  preview_yugabyte-voyager:
    identifier: voyager-troubleshoot
    parent: yugabytedb-voyager
    weight: 105
type: docs
---

## Schema migration

### Invalid constraint type with PostgreSQL 17

When running the [assess migration](../reference/assess-migration/#assess-migration) or [export schema](../reference/schema-migration/export-schema/) commands on a PostgreSQL 17.0–17.2 source database, you may see the following error:

```output
pg_dump: error: query failed: ERROR:  invalid constraint type "n"
pg_dump: detail: Query was: EXECUTE getDomainConstraints('16452')
```

This error occurs when using pg_dump version 17.6 with a PostgreSQL source database running versions 17.0, 17.1, or 17.2 that contains domain objects with NOT NULL constraints.
A bug in PostgreSQL versions 17.0-17.2 causes `pg_get_constraintdef()` to not interpret NOT NULL domain constraints, leading to failure in pg_dump version 17.6 when using this function to fetch schema information.

Resolution: You can do one of the following:

- Use an older version of pg_dump.

The best practice is to use a pg_dump version that matches your PostgreSQL server version (for example, use pg_dump 17.2 with PostgreSQL 17.2).

> If this is not feasible, use pg_dump version 17.5 or earlier as follows:

Reviewer: Merge this line with the above and the below two steps are for both

>   1. Install pg_dump v17.5 or earlier.

Reviewer: Install pg_dump of the respective version. 

Same version also user has to install because only installs the latest
